- 💥[Feature] Upgrade to Palm. (by @regisb)
    - [Bugfix] Rename ORA2 file upload folder from "SET-ME-PLEASE (ex. bucket-name)" to "openedxuploads". This has the effect of moving the corresponding folder from the `<tutor root>/data/lms/ora2` directory. MinIO users were not affected by this bug.
    - 💥[Improvement] During registration, the honor code and terms of service links are no longer visible by default. For most platforms, these links did not work anyway.
    - 💥[Deprecation] Halt support for Python 3.7. The binary release of Tutor is also no longer compatible with macOS 10.
    - 💥[Deprecation] Drop support for `docker-compose`, also known as Compose V1. The `docker compose` (no hyphen) plugin must be installed.
    - 💥[Refactor] We simplify the hooks API by getting rid of the `ContextTemplate`, `FilterTemplate` and `ActionTemplate` classes. As a consequences, the following changes occur:
        - `APP` was previously a ContextTemplate, and is now a dictionary of contexts indexed by name. Developers who implemented this context should replace `Contexts.APP(...)` by `Contexts.app(...)`.
        - Removed the `ENV_PATCH` filter, which was for internal use only anyway.
        - The `PLUGIN_LOADED` ActionTemplate is now an Action which takes a single argument. (the plugin name)
    - 💥[Refactor] We refactored the hooks API further by removing the static hook indexes and the hooks names. As a consequence, the syntactic sugar functions from the "filters" and "actions" modules were all removed: `get`, `add*`, `iterate*`, `apply*`, `do*`, etc.
    - 💥[Deprecation] The obsolete filters `COMMANDS_PRE_INIT` and `COMMANDS_INIT` have been removed. Plugin developers should instead use `CLI_DO_INIT_TASKS` (with suitable priorities).
    - 💥[Feature] The "openedx" Docker image is no longer built with docker-compose in development on `tutor dev start`. This used to be the case to make sure that it was always up-to-date, but it introduced a discrepancy in how images were build (`docker compose build` vs `docker build`). As a consequence:
        - The "openedx" Docker image in development can be built with `tutor images build openedx-dev`.
        - The `tutor dev/local start --skip-build` option is removed. It is replaced by opt-in `--build`.
    - [Improvement] The `IMAGES_BUILD` filter now supports relative paths as strings, and not just as tuple of strings.
    - [Improvement] Auto-complete the image names in the `images build/pull/push/printtag` commands.
